# hello-world2
pilot repository

        “Working hard is important, but there is something that matters even more; believing in yourself.” – J. K. Rowling, author of Harry Potter series.
        Hello, everyone! My name is Tiffany and I am from the Philippines. I’m an introvert but it doesn’t mean that I hate socializing. I socialize, but I just don’t talk too much; I just prefer listening than talking and you can only hear me talk for a very long time if I find the topic interesting. People take one look at me and they see a serious-looking person, but, I’m really soft-hearted, God-fearing and funny to my close friends. 
        I love reading books and watching anime as well as English movies like Marvel movies and TV series like The Flash. My favorite book genre is dystopian, my favorite anime is One Piece and my favorite Avenger is Iron Man. Some of my other hobbies are surfing the Internet, dancing and playing mind blogging games on my phone since those kinds of games tickle my intellectual fancy. I always get high grades in Mathematics since it is my favorite subject. I also know how to speak basic Nihongo and I’ve worked in Japan for a year before I went back to school. 
        I am currently a second year IT student so you can say that I am still new to the world of programming. I love coding but I admit that it is very difficult so I always search the Internet and sometimes ask one of my friends who is quite good at programming if I have something that I don't get nor understand. And with GitHub, I hope that I can learn more about coding as well as contribute in the world of programming. So, let’s get cracking, people!
